# Resources

## Hardware, Instruction Set and Compiler 

Nvidia SMI
https://developer.download.nvidia.com/compute/DCGM/docs/nvidia-smi-367.38.pdf

PTX(Parallel Thread eXecution) ISA 7.4 and 7.3
https://docs.nvidia.com/cuda/pdf/ptx_isa_7.4.pdf
https://docs.nvidia.com/cuda/pdf/ptx_isa_7.3.pdf

Targeting NVIDIA PTX
https://developer.codeplay.com/products/computecpp/ce/guides/platform-support/targeting-nvidia-ptx?version=1.3.0

User Guide for NVPTX Back-end
https://llvm.org/docs/NVPTXUsage.html

PTX Assembly
https://docs.nvidia.com/cuda/inline-ptx-assembly/index.html

NVCC - Nvidia CUDA Compiler Driver 
https://docs.nvidia.com/cuda/pdf/CUDA_Compiler_Driver_NVCC.pdf

NVRTC - Nidia Runtime Compiler for CUDA C++
https://docs.nvidia.com/cuda/nvrtc/index.html

Video Decoder
https://docs.nvidia.com/cuda/video-decoder/index.html


## Deep Learning

TensorRT General
https://docs.nvidia.com/deeplearning/tensorrt/index.html

TensorRT Quick Start
https://docs.nvidia.com/deeplearning/tensorrt/pdf/TensorRT-Quick-Start-Guide.pdf

Transfer Learning
https://developer.nvidia.com/transfer-learning-toolkit


## Languages and API for CUDA

CUDA C Programming Guide - Inlcuding both C and C++
https://docs.nvidia.com/cuda/cuda-c-programming-guide/index.html

CUDA C++ Standard Library
https://docs.nvidia.com/cuda/cuda-c-std/index.html

Thrust C++ Library
https://docs.nvidia.com/cuda/thrust/index.html

CUDA Best Practices Guide
https://docs.nvidia.com/cuda/pdf/CUDA_C_Best_Practices_Guide.pdf

CUDA Driver API
https://docs.nvidia.com/cuda/pdf/CUDA_Driver_API.pdf

PTX Compiler APIs
https://docs.nvidia.com/cuda/pdf/PTX_Compiler_API_User_Guide.pdf

CUDA Runtime API
https://docs.nvidia.com/cuda/pdf/CUDA_Runtime_API.pdf

CUDA Memory Check
https://docs.nvidia.com/cuda/pdf/CUDA_Memcheck.pdf

CUDA Math API
https://docs.nvidia.com/cuda/cuda-math-api/index.html


## CUDA Libraries

cuBLAS library
https://docs.nvidia.com/cuda/cublas/index.html

cuRAND (CUDA Random Number Generator)
https://docs.nvidia.com/cuda/curand/index.html

cuFFT (CUDA Fast Fourier)
https://docs.nvidia.com/cuda/cufft/index.html

cuSOLVER (CUDA SOLVER)
https://docs.nvidia.com/cuda/cusolver/index.html

cuSPARSE (CUDA Sparse Matrix)
https://docs.nvidia.com/cuda/cusparse/index.html

cuTENSOR (CUDA Tensor)
There is no pdf but online documentation for cuTENSOR. 
https://docs.nvidia.com/cuda/cutensor/index.html


## Systems

Amphere Graphics Card Tuning Guide
https://docs.nvidia.com/cuda/ampere-tuning-guide/index.html

Turing Graphics Tuning Guide
https://docs.nvidia.com/cuda/turing-tuning-guide/index.html

cuDNN General
https://docs.nvidia.com/deeplearning/cudnn/index.html

cuDNN Documentation 
https://docs.nvidia.com/deeplearning/cudnn/pdf/cuDNN-Developer-Guide.pdf

MIG (Multi-Instance GPU)
https://docs.nvidia.com/cuda/mig/index.html

NVIDIA NCCL Communication for Multiple GPUs
https://docs.nvidia.com/deeplearning/nccl/index.html

Nvidia for Kubernetes
https://docs.nvidia.com/datacenter/kubernetes/index.html

Nvidia Cloud Native Technologies
https://docs.nvidia.com/datacenter/cloud-native/index.html


## Debugging and Checking 

Nvidia GPU Debug Guidelines
https://docs.nvidia.com/pdf/gpu-debug-guidelines.pdf

Debugger API
https://docs.nvidia.com/cuda/debugger-api/index.html

NVVP and NVPROF for command line- Nvidia Visual Profiler 
https://docs.nvidia.com/cuda/profiler-users-guide/index.html

Profiler
https://docs.nvidia.com/hpc-sdk/pgi-compilers/2017/pgprof17ug.pdf

CUDA Occupancy Calculator
https://docs.nvidia.com/cuda/cuda-occupancy-calculator/index.html

CUPTI - The CUDA Profiling Tools Interface
https://docs.nvidia.com/cuda/cupti/index.html

Night Systems
https://docs.nvidia.com/cuda/nsight-systems/index.html


## Installation 

CUDA Toolkit for Linux, MacOS and Windows(including installtion)
https://docs.nvidia.com/cuda/index.html#cudacbestpractices

NVIDIA CUDA Installation Guide for Desktop Linux
https://docs.nvidia.com/cuda/pdf/CUDA_Installation_Guide_Linux.pdf

Nvidia Jetson for Portable Linux
https://docs.nvidia.com/jetson/index.html
